Add `no-length-as-slice-end` rule (#2400)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/no-length-as-slice-end.md

> # Forbid use `.length` as the `end` argument of `{Array,String,TypedArray}#slice()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disallow using `.length` as the `end` argument of `{Array,String,TypedArray}#slice()`
```
